provider: add "validate" option that can disable validation (#474)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog: website/docs/index.html.markdown

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `api_key` - (Optional) Datadog API key. This can also be set via the `DD_API_KEY` environment variable.

Reviewer: This is a nit, but maybe something like:
```suggestion
* `api_key` - (Required unless `validate` is false) Datadog API key. This can also be set via the `DD_API_KEY` environment variable.
```
(For the app key as well) Let me know what you think

* `app_key` - (Optional) Datadog APP key. This can also be set via the `DD_APP_KEY` environment variable.
* `api_url` - (Optional) The API Url. This can be also be set via the `DD_HOST` environment variable. Note that this URL must not end with the `/api/` path. For example, `https://api.datadoghq.com/` is a correct value, while `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/` is not. And if you're working with  "EU" version of Datadog, use `https://api.datadoghq.eu/`.

> * `validate` - (Optional) Enables validation of the provided API and APP keys during provider initialization. Default is true. When false, `api_key` and `app_key` may only be set to empty strings.

Reviewer: 💜
